{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - Fake members\
- Fake activity\
- What are the necessary bots? \
- How do I mod? \
- Community engagement? Create polls and host events?\
- Can I use tip bots to keep it active for brokies? \
\
\
* Rich people: Give them a prime role, give them attention? \
\'97 Keep them updated about the project (on how they can make money in the future and how the prices will go up) \
\'97 Why buying the NFT is a very good investment. \
\
\
\
\
\
- Youtube comments for advertising altdex. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
Maybe just find people that think differently? Why do I not study historically smart people? \
People who died but were insanely smart and have literature on them? \
\
Hold fewer opinions/beliefs, and hold them less strongly. Being less emotionally attached to them. \
Don\'92t repeat things over and over again, that aren\'92t based on reason, logic, and reality, like I did with altdex. \
Humility. \
\
Socializing humans got us here. \
\
Maybe watch some ancient documentaries about tribes. Maybe it would make sense why half of the fucking shit is in my limbic system. Social rejection = death for us. \
\
\
\
Why money? It just creates additional pressures and responsibilities doesn\'92t it, just the way. \
But it\'92s the outcome of capitalism. \
\
\
\
}